Battleship- Help

Game Description:
The game is played on four grids, two for each player. The grids are typically square – usually 
10×10 – and the individual squares in the grid are identified by letter and number. On one grid 
the player arranges ships and records the shots by the opponent. On the other grid the player 
records his/her own shots. Before play begins, each player secretly arranges their ships on 
their primary grid. Each ship occupies a number of consecutive squares on the grid, arranged 
either horizontally or vertically. The number of squares for each ship is determined by the 
type of the ship. The ships cannot overlap (i.e., only one ship can occupy any given square in 
the grid). The types and numbers of ships allowed are the same for each player. These may vary 
depending on the rules.
After the ships have been positioned, the game proceeds in a series of rounds. In each round, 
each player takes a turn to announce a target square in the opponent's grid which is to be shot 
at. The opponent announces whether or not the square is occupied by a ship, and if it is a "hit"
they mark this on their own primary grid. The attacking player notes the hit or miss on their 
own "tracking" grid, in order to build up a picture of the opponent's fleet.
When all of the squares of a ship have been hit, the ship is sunk, and the ship's owner announces 
this (eg. "You sunk my battleship!"). If all of a player's ships have been sunk, the game is over 
and their opponent wins.

User Guide

How to place your ships on your board:
1. The ship placement screen appears, where the player can set the order of his ships on the Board 
as he wishes. The ships vary in size and are depicted in dark gray on the left board
2. The player selects the ship they want to place by clicking on one of the squares corresponding 
to that ship. The ship is marked as "active" and turns yellow.
3. Moving the mouse to one of the squares on the right board, the player is shown the preview of 
the "active ship" in green (ie what space the ship will occupy, if its beginning is placed in this 
square). 
4. By clicking on the "rotate ship" button, the player can change the direction of the "active" 
ship (from horizontal to vertical and tubalin).
5. By clicking on a square from the board on the right, the player places his ship in the specific 
position (the corresponding squares on the board on the left are left blank).
6. Do the same for the rest of the ships. Ships can not be placed over another ship that is already 
placed.
7. When the player places all his ships on the right board, then the "Start game" button is activated 
at the bottom right, which until now was inactive. However, the player may want to make some changes 
before starting the game. This allows the player to click on an already placed ship and make it 
"active" so that it can be moved to another location or/and change its direction.
8. When the player considers that all the ships have been placed in the desired position, then he 
presses the "Start game" button and is transferred to the next screen.


How to play:
1. The game starts and 2 boards appear on the screen. One represents the player's board and inside 
it shows his ships as he has placed them on the previous screen, while the other represents the 
computer board (where no ships appear as these are hidden and the player has to guess them).
Note: Computer ships have been placed in random but valid (without overlapping) locations. This 
means that they "exist" on the right board, just that their squares are not gray so that the player 
they are in knows.
2. The player tries to guess where the computer ships are by clicking on the squares on the right 
board. As long as the user does not click then the "preview" of the shot in green appears.
3. When the player clicks on a square then:
	a) If the shot fails (the square is not covered by a computer ship) then the square becomes 
	white.
	b) If the shot is successful (the square is covered by a computer ship) then the square 
     	turns red.
Immediately after, the computer that randomly selects a square that has not fired again plays and 
throws its shot. The square is colored accordingly for a successful or not shot.
4. The game continues with the computer and player playing alternately and until one of the 2 sinks 
all the other's ships.
Note: A ship sinks if shots are fired at all the squares it occupies.
5. When one of the 2 sinks all the opponent's ships then the winner is announced with a relevant 
message. When the player reads the message, he presses "OK" and the program ends.